Transition to using a kubeconfig in ~/.kube/config (#23)
jupyterhub/action-k3s-helm: README.md

## Outputs

> - `kubeconfig`: The absolute path to the kubeconfig file which is created by the
>   action at the location of what `$HOME/.kube/config` evaluates to. The
>   `KUBECONFIG` environment variable is also set by this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kubeconfig`: The absolute path to the kubeconfig file (`$HOME/.kube/config`).
  The `KUBECONFIG` environment variable is also set by this action but may be removed in a future breaking release.
```
What do you think of this?

Author: Absolutely!
